### Basics

#### HTTP Routing
Define routes in app/Http/routes.php, which is loaded by App/Providers/RouteServiceProvider.class
Basic routes simply accept a URI and a Closure.
```
Route::get('/', function()
{
    return 'Hello World';
}
```
URLs for Routes can be generated using the url helper function:
```
$url = url('foo');
```

Routing in Laravel allows for CSRF (cross-site request forgeries) protection by generating 
a CSRF token for each active user session managed by the application. This token verifies
that the authenticated use is actually making that request.

Routing also allows for parameters to be used in the URL (can be regex if necessary).

You can name Routes, and use that name when generating URLs or redirects.

You can group Routes and define a middleware. You can also group Routes by Namespace.

You can register sub-domain Routes.

You can also prefix a group of Routes:
```
Route::group(['prefix' => 'admin'], function()
{
    Route::get('users', function()
    {
        // Matches The "/admin/users" URL
    });
});
```

You can bind a Model to a Route- for instance, load the entire User class instance
that matches a given UserId. 

#### HTTP Middleware
Provides a convenient mechanism to filter HTTP requests entering application. We can create
a logging middleware to log all incoming requests.

Creating middleware uses the `php artisan make:middleware <name>` invocation. 

You can layer middleware to do an action BEFORE or AFTER a request. BEFORE would be good for
verifying a user is authenticated or sanitizing their inputs. AFTER would be good for
logging each request. Other uses exist.

To register middleware globally, list the middleware class in the `$middleware` property 
of the `app/Http/Kernel.php` class.

To assign middleware to Routes, first assign the middleware a short-hand key in `app/Http/Kernel.php`.
Then use the middleware key in the Route options array:
```
Route::get('admin/profile', ['middleware' => 'auth', function()
{
    // do something
}]);
```

#### HTTP Controllers
Instead of defining all request handling logic in a single routes.php file, you can organize this
behavior using Controller classes. 

To generate a URL to a controller action, use the `action` helper method:
```
$url = action('App\Http\Controllers\FooController@method');
```
You can access the name of the controller action being run by:
```
$action = Route::currentRouteAction();
```

Controllers can also use middleware. You need to specify the middleware within the controller's constructor

#### HTTP Requests
The `Request` facade will grant you access to the current request. To retrieve request data: 
```
$name = Request::input('name');
```
Determine if value is present:
```
if(Request::has('name'))
{
    // do something
}
```
The `flash` method will flash current input into the session so it's available during the user's next request
```
Request::flast();
```
To retrieve flashed input:
```
$username = Request:old('username');
```
Files are also handled with Request:
```
$file = Request::file('photo');
```

#### HTTP Responses

Return a redirect with flashed data:
```
return redirect('user/login')->with('message', 'Login Failed');
```

#### Views
